
                             HUMANS CODE OF CONDUCT
                               (March 2nd, 2024)


   The Pledge

We believe open communities should create a safe and interesting environment
for anyone to contribute and learn.  For this reason, we are committed to
maintaining a friendly, respectful, and harassment-free experience for all
regardless of their background, identity, or experience.

We expect everyone to follow these guidelines, even when they may be
interacting with people whose opinions differ from their own.  We
acknowledge the variety of cultures and backgrounds that exist on our planet
and we prefer to focus on what unites us rather than what divides us:
*humanness*.


   Examples of Welcomed Behaviors

Examples of behavior encouraging positive environments include:

  *  using simple, inclusive, and respectful language;
  *  being open to different viewpoints and experiences;
  *  focusing on technical and factual discussions in relation to the project;
  *  improving the community by sharing knowledge and experience; and
  *  accelerating the innovation and creativity provided by the project and
     its community.

Remember that this list is not exhaustive and that we expect everyone to
act as a *normal human being*.  Always remember that anyone comes from a
different background and may not have the same experiences as you: if you
feel attacked, it may be because of a misunderstanding.

Be the change you want to see in the world.


   Enforcement & Reporting

Maintainers and "moderators" are always trying their best to monitor and
enforce these guidelines in a fair and consistent manner.  To report any
issues, please contact the dedicated team or maintainers of the project.

You can contact the team at:

  *  Nicolas Paul via Email at <n@nc0.fr> with PGP https://nc0.fr/pgp.txt,
                      or on 𝕏 at https://x.com/@nc0dotfr.

The team will review and investigate all complaints equally and fairly, in a
timely manner.  Details and enforcement actions may be communicated publicly
depending on the situation.

Maintainers are also binding themselves to respect the same guidelines and
standards, and to follow the same enforcement process as the rest of the
community.  IF THEY ARE NOT, FEEL FREE TO GO PUBLIC!


   Attribution

This document was written by Nicolas Paul.
